In this video.
There's one last quick thing I want to mention, and that is one very special type that we haven't really
discussed too much except in kind of passing.
So at the bottom of this file, I want to define one more function.
I'm going to define a function called logger.
This thing is going to take some message.
That is a string.
And then inside the function I want to just console.log that message like so.
So the only goal of this function is to call console.log and it does not actually return any value.
So there's no return statement inside of here to annotate this fact as a return type will put on colon
void like so.
So void right here means that we have a function that's going to not return anything technically.
A function that returns void can return null.
And it can also return undefined.
But effectively we use void right here to say there will be no return value from this function if we
ever accidentally return something like.
So we'll very quickly get an error message that says, Hey, you can't return anything at all.
Now there's one other very special type associated with function return values as well.
So I'm going to make one more function in here called throw air.
And throw air will also take a message that is a string.
And then any time we call this, I'm going to immediately throw a new ear with that message like so.
Now just you know any time you throw an error the functional technically not actually return anything.
So to indicate that we could put on a colon right here that says never, and that means that we are
never going to actually reach the end of this function.
So we're never going to execute the function completely at some point in time inside of here, we're
going to throw an error and exit the function early without returning any value.
Now, this is a really big corner case.
It's actually pretty darn rare that we're going to want to like intentionally throw in air like this.
It's much more common for us to have some like actual return value in here.
Like, let's say, if there is no message for some reason.
Then we will throw an air.
And then otherwise we will return, like maybe just the message, like so and so.
In this case, we would still annotate this as returning a string, even though it throws an error.
So we only annotate a function with the type never when we really truly never expect a function to return
anything ever.
If we at least expect it to return something eventually and only possibly throw an error, that's totally
fine.
We're still going to annotate it with whatever we expect it to eventually return, and that does include
the case where we return nothing like so.
So in this case, we would still do a fallback to void because we are technically not returning anything
and there's just a chance of us never reaching the end of the function.
Okay.
So that's pretty much it.
Let's take a quick pause right here and move on to our next subject.